Khazar () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Khazarsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 4,809 as of 2010. There are 34 streets.
Khazar is located 10 km south of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhny Dzhalgan and Arablinskoye are the nearest rural localities.
Azerbaijanis, Aghuls, Lezgins, Tabasarans, Rutuls, Dargins and Russians live there.Takuji Nakamura (1 April 1897 – 31 January 1988) was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.Saint Peter in Chains Cathedral (Cincinnati)Tokuo Yamamoto (1905 – 1994) was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.Nkyidwo Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Essumeja in the Bekwai District in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the last Monday in November or the first Monday in December.
There are performances of durbar by the traditional leaders and rituals at a place in the Asantemanso forest which was claimed to be the origin of the ancestral Asantes. The people invoke the gods for blessings, prosperity and protection.
It is celebrated to mark the appearance of the first seven Asante ancestors who were claimed to have come from a huge hole in the ground, marking the Ashanti origin. It was also claimed it happened on a Monday night and they were followed by a dog and a lion.ICC Women's T20I Team of the Year
The ICC Women's T20I Team of the Year is an honour awarded each year by the International Cricket Council. It recognizes the top women's cricket players from around the world in the T20I format of the game. The team does not actually compete, but exists solely as an honorary entity.
Players marked bold won the ICC Women's T20I Cricketer of the Year in that respective year:
Players marked bold are still active in T20I matches and years marked bold indicate they won the ICC Women's T20I Cricketer of the Year in that respective year:Martin Kieran O'Halloran (born 1962) is an Australian former national champion and national representative rower and a senior global executive in the advertising industry. In 2020 he was appointed Global Chief Executive of the international advertising network DDB Worldwide.
Club and state rowing career.